feat: update docs to be more specific and reflect current features (#155)
open-sauced/docs: docs/community/insights.md

keywords:
- insights
---

> The Insights feature is your one-stop solution for understanding the pulse of your open-source projects and contributions. This feature is designed to provide a comprehensive view of your project's health and your individual contributions. From contribution trends to community health, OpenSauced Insights helps you make data-driven decisions that align with your goals. It's not just about numbers; it's about actionable intelligence that can redefine your approach to open source.

Reviewer: [nitpick] 
```suggestion
The Insights feature is your one-stop solution for understanding the pulse of your open-source projects and contributions. This feature is designed to provide a comprehensive view of your project's health and your individual contributions. From contribution trends to community health, OpenSauced Insights helps you make data-driven decisions that align with your goals. However, it's not just about numbers; it's about finding easier ways to help you maintain your projects as they evolve.
```

Author: It's actionable intelligence for both contributors and maintainers. If your decisions about where to contribute are influenced by data, then you've been provided actionable intelligence.

It's not necessarily providing easier ways. It's giving you data to help you find the most impactful path for your contribution or maintenance of your project..

Reviewer: Hey @BekahHW! :) Thanks for the explanation! :) I adjusted my feedback. Check it out! :)

![insight-pages-demo](../../static/gif/insight-page-demo.gif)

## How to use Insights
### Contributors

> - Track your contributions and the impact you're making;
> - Find new projects to contribute to;
> - Discover other contributors to collaborate with.
> 
> ### Maintainers
> - Track the health of your project;
> - Identify contributors who are making an impact;

Reviewer: [Proofreading] Since the second bullet point in the Contributors list ends with a period, it’s best to use this approach for the rest of this section to stay consistent. 
```suggestion
- Track your contributions and the impact you're making.
- Find new projects to contribute to.
- Discover other contributors to collaborate with.

### Maintainers
- Track the health of your project.
- Identify contributors who are making an impact.
```
